README.md, before:

# If This Then Donate (IFTTD)\* by Distributed Dodos (0.2.1)

Micro donations based on twitter event triggers.

## Set-up Instructions

After cloning the repository, run `npm install` and then `npm start`. Open `http://localhost:3000/` to use our app.

## Features

- Social media engagement does matter: make it matter more by setting microdonations based on twitter hashtags and content.
- IFTTD allows users to create accounts and link certain donations and charities with Twitter hashtags. We automatically track your donation amount for you, and link you straight to the non-profit's website.

\*=name tbd

## How to setup AWS Amplify

There are a couple of things to do before you can start using the AWS Amplify API.

First, cd into the project directory and run this next command.

```
cd 0.2.1-donation-trigger
amplify init
amplify add api
```

This will help setup Amplify on your end. Since there's a file called `team-provider-info.json` (`./amplify/`), you will be able to pull and push changes directly.

Once you have initialized amplify, run the next command to get the most recent version of the API.

```
amplify pull
```

Similarly, if you make changes and want to push them to the `dev` environemt, run

```
amplify push
```

To get the current status of the Amplify project, run

```
amplify status
```

To access the Amplify console of the app, run

```
amplify console
```

## How to run

You will need to start the React application, as well as a test env of the API.

```
npm start
amplify mock api
```

Commit message:

docs: add Twitter OAuth1 to README

README.md, after:

# If This Then Donate (IFTTD)\* by Distributed Dodos (0.2.1)

Micro donations based on twitter event triggers.

## Set-up Instructions

After cloning the repository, run `npm install` and then `npm start`. Open `http://localhost:3000/` to use our app.

## Features

- Social media engagement does matter: make it matter more by setting microdonations based on twitter hashtags and content.
- IFTTD allows users to create accounts and link certain donations and charities with Twitter hashtags. We automatically track your donation amount for you, and link you straight to the non-profit's website.

\*=name tbd

## How to setup AWS Amplify

There are a couple of things to do before you can start using the AWS Amplify API.

First, cd into the project directory and run this next command.

```
cd 0.2.1-donation-trigger
amplify init
amplify add api
```

This will help setup Amplify on your end. Since there's a file called `team-provider-info.json` (`./amplify/`), you will be able to pull and push changes directly.

Once you have initialized amplify, run the next command to get the most recent version of the API.

```
amplify pull
```

Similarly, if you make changes and want to push them to the `dev` environemt, run

```
amplify push
```

To get the current status of the Amplify project, run

```
amplify status
```

To access the Amplify console of the app, run

```
amplify console
```

## How to configure Twitter OAuth1

In order to request access to another user's Twitter account via the API, [apply](https://developer.twitter.com/en/apply-for-access) for Twitter developer access.

Create a Twitter app, and arbitrarily choose a callback URL to register under that app. If running locally, use `ngrok`, another tunneling tool, or any trustable origin.

With that callback URL, set `CALLBACK_URL` in `.env`. The user is redirected to this URL, but the window is closed shortly after, satisfying the Twitter API.

With the Twitter token and secret, set `CONSUMER_KEY` and `CONSUMER_SECRET`.

## How to run

You will need to start the React application, as well as a test env of the API.

```
npm start
amplify mock api
```
